README.md, before:

# Bookseeker
## [Description](#table-of-content)
A book search engine for book lovers.
The purpose of this project is to take a fully functioning Google Books API search engine built with a RESTful API, and refactor it to be a GraphQL API built with Apollo Server. The app was built using the MERN stack, with a React front end, MongoDB database, and Node.js/Express.js server and API.

## Table-of-Content
* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Credits](#credits)

## [Installation](#table-of-content)
This project is build from the [starter code](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/solid-broccoli)
This is deployed on Heroku.


```bash
npm install apollo-server-express@2.15.0
npm i apollo-link-context
npm i @apollo/client
npm i @apollo/react-hooks
npm i apollo-boost
```
## [Usage](#table-of-content)
You can use search engine. You can type in the names of any books you want.

## [License](#table-of-content)
MIT

## [Credits](#table-of-content)
Without these guidances and references, my project would not exist.

* 21-MERN/01-Activites/13-Ins_useQuery
* 21-MERN/01-Activites/15-Ins_useMutation
* 21-MERN/01-Activites/23-Ins_Decode-JWT
* 21-MERN/01-Activites/25-Ins_Resolver-Context
* 21-MERN/01-Activites/28-Stu_Mini-Project

* [Module error Apollo](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60055805/module-not-found-cant-resolve-apollo-link-context-react-apollo-server)

Commit message:

Deleted unused API imports from client file

README.md, after:

# Bookseeker
## [Description](#table-of-content)
A book search engine for book lovers.
The purpose of this project is to take a fully functioning Google Books API search engine built with a RESTful API, and refactor it to be a GraphQL API built with Apollo Server. The app was built using the MERN stack, with a React front end, MongoDB database, and Node.js/Express.js server and API.

## Table-of-Content
* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Credits](#credits)

## [Installation](#table-of-content)
This project is build from the [starter code](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/solid-broccoli)
To install the packages, I recommend start off with this command:
```bash
npm start
```
To run the repo without deployed website, copy and paste this command:
```bash
npm run start
```
And find localhost: 3000
If some of the packages relating to Apollo are missing, I recommended installed one of the followings.
```bash
npm install apollo-server-express@2.15.0
npm i apollo-link-context
npm i @apollo/client
npm i @apollo/react-hooks
npm i apollo-boost
```
To see more info for these packages
* [apollo-link-context](https://www.npmjs.com/package/apollo-link-context)
* [@apollo/client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/client)
* [@apollo/react-hooks](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/react-hooks)
* [apollo-boost](https://www.npmjs.com/package/apollo-boost)

This is deployed on Heroku.

## [Usage](#table-of-content)
You can use search engine. You can type in the names of any books you want.


## [License](#table-of-content)
MIT

## [Credits](#table-of-content)
Without these guidances and references, my project would not exist.

* 21-MERN/01-Activites/13-Ins_useQuery
* 21-MERN/01-Activites/15-Ins_useMutation
* 21-MERN/01-Activites/23-Ins_Decode-JWT
* 21-MERN/01-Activites/25-Ins_Resolver-Context
* 21-MERN/01-Activites/28-Stu_Mini-Project

* [Module error Apollo](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60055805/module-not-found-cant-resolve-apollo-link-context-react-apollo-server)
